add a trouble shooting for db auto-user provisioning issue for RDS blue/green deployment (#43104)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/database-access/auto-user-provisioning/postgres.mdx

(!docs/pages/includes/database-access/psql-ssl-syscall-error.mdx!)

### Amazon RDS Blue/Green deployment enters a state of "Replication degraded"

Amazon RDS Blue/Green deployment may enter a state of "Replication degraded"
when auto-user provisioning is used to connect to the database.

This occurs due to a [limitation in PostgreSQL logical
replication](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/blue-green-deployments-overview.html#blue-green-deployments-limitations-postgres)
for Blue/Green deployments as Data Definition Language (DDL) statements cannot
be replicated. Consequently, Amazon RDS will enter the "Replication degraded"
state when a DDL change is detected.

It is recommended to disable database auto-user provisioning before starting

> the Blue/Green deployment. For example, you can temporarily remove the
> `teleport.dev/db-admin` resource tag from the auto-discovered RDS databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Blue/Green deployment.
If the database is auto-discovered by Teleport, you can temporarily remove the
`teleport.dev/db-admin` AWS resource tag.
For a database registered using either static config or a dynamic `db` resource,
you can temporarily remove the `admin_user` setting.
```
